Chronomancer


fantasy themed 2d platformer

Main character

100 hit points represented in a red bar
100 mana points represented in either (blue bar or yellow hourglass looking bar), haven't decided

only single jump. Use space to jump
wasd movement
crouch with 'S'
double tap 'S' to drop through a platform

(4) element abilities (these may or may not cost mana)
	Press 'J' for fireball:
		A liniar projectile that deals (normal) damage and burns	
	Press 'K' for ice:
		ice spike or snowball that launches in an arch. this freezes enemies but does no damage.
	Press 'L' for earth:
		causes rock spikes to appear out of the ground in front of the main character.
	Press ';' for water:
		a short range water whip that can be fired in 8 directions. Use wasd to aim.
		
Time abilities
	cost (75): rewinds  platforms, characters, and enemies position, health, and mana (except for the mana used to cast this) to where they were 3 seconds ago. It also destroys all projectiles
	cost (10+10t^2): the position of all platforms, enemys, projectile, and the character is held till the spell stops (I might change this to just make everything slow-mo instead)
	1st lvl only, cost (20): bring back destroyed platforms.
	If you think of any more write it down.

Items and mechanics:

enemys have a chance of dropping mana/time-sand that gives the MC some mana back
enemys have a chance of dropping some kind of item that heals the MC a bit when picked up
enchanted stopwatch\hourglass: saves your progress at checkpoints (I may want to add an extra mechanic to this item)
Pegasus Boots: gives MC a double jump
lightning in a bottle: same thing as mentioned under lightning.
ring of vitality: MC heals back health over time. Flavor text is "time heals all wounds"
some kind of purchasable health item
orb of protection: a bubble that shields you from the next hit
phoenix scroll: fires a tracker projectile that explodes on contact

If you think of any more write it down.

Enemies
ENEMYS CAN BE ADDED OR REMOVED AS NEEDED

snake - also drops from top of screen, jumps instead of walks.
archer - fires arrow in a low arch
wizard - fires a fireball in a straight light, low health
mole - comes out of the ground and either swipes or throws rock (doesn't have to be a mole. it's just a filler name)
bohemith - large enemy with club. approx. 2-3x larger than MC. has a charge and jumping strike that you can run under
falcon - dives down at an angle to drop rock/seed/whatever at you
skeleton - comes out of the ground, has more health than standard enemy, fire resistant
(1st lvl enemy only) moss - a short vesion of the standard enemy with more health, weak to fire. can climb. can fuse with other enemy to make a stronger version of thhat enemy.
dryad - jumps out of background, has a whip attack and leaf shield, more health than a regular enemy. weak to fire
spider - drops from above the screen. can climb and go upsidedown. has acid spray and bite that poisons.

Miniboss - Large Boar: haven't thought too much about this guy yet

Final boss - Moss covered Warrior Statue
easier to explain in person

Levels

1st level - forest
first half will be a normal forest, second half will be in overgrown castle ruins.

2nd level - Cave
no specifics yet.

Story:
Ask Micah.

